User's guide

Using a GUI - Updated 12/8/2017

1.) Run Main(), select Bank
    This will automatically launch your bank and start listening.
    
    If your AC is not on localhost/127.0.0.1 you will need to enter the IP of
    AC on the Bank GUI's textfield and click "Connct to AC."
    
    
2.) Run Main(), select Auction Central
    This will automatically launch your Auction Central and start listening.
    
    If your Bank is not on localhost/127.0.0.1 you will need to enter the IP of
    Bank on the Auction Central GUI's textfield and click "Connect to Bank."

    
3.) Run Main(), select Auction House, enter name of your AH and press OK

    ASSUMING YOU STARTED THE AUCTION CENTRAL FIRST.
    If the Auction Central is on localhost/127.0.0.1, that is the default and you can
    just immediately click on "Connect to AC". Otherwise, you will need to enter the
    IP of the Auction Central first and then click "Connect to AC".
    
    After connecting to the AC, your auction house will get an Auction House Key, a
    public ID (This is used as your port number) and your items will also be assigned
    your ID#. From here, the Auction House will start listening for msg's on that port
    it was given.

    
4.) Run Main(), select Agent, enter name of your Agent and press OK

    ASSUMING YOU STARTED THE AUCTION CENTRAL AND BANK FIRST.
    If the Auction Central and bank are on localhost/127.0.0.1, then click
    "Connect to localhost". Otherwise, you will need to individually enter the
    Auction Central and Bank IPs and click on "Connect to AC" and "Connect to Bank"
    buttons respectively.
    
    After connecting to the Bank you will get a new account with an account number,
    bankKey and starting balance.
    
    After connecting to the Auction Central you will get a bidding key and a port
    number from the Auction Central. The Agent will now start listening for msg's on 
    that port it was given. This will also make your item list continually update
    on the GUI. Any items from any given Auction House's will now be available
    for sale. 
   
    The intention is that you connect to the Bank first as you need your Bank Key
    to get a BiddingKey from Auction Central. If you don't do it in this order,
    your connection to Auction Central will be refused.
    
    From here, you will now have some functionality available to you on the Agent
    GUI.

    Explanation of the Agent GUI:.
    
    Balance: This is the current amount of money you have available
             in the bank. It gets updated after you connect to the bank
                     
    Connect AC/Bank to Localhost: This connects you to the AC and Bank at localhost(127.0.0.1)
    
    BidAmount Textfield: Enter bid's into here to place bids and withdraw money.
    
    Place Bid Button: After entering an amount and selecting an item in the item
                      list, you can place a bid on an item by clicking this.
                      
    Withdraw Button: This button is to show the functionality of Agent to Bank
                     connectivity and also withdraw money for a rainy day :-)
                     
    Bank IP TextField: This is for the Bank IP/Hostname you want to connect to.
    
    Connect to Bank Button: If you want to manually connect to the Bank not on localhost
                            then use this button.
                            
    Connect to AC Button: If you want to manually connect to AC not on localhost then
                          use this button.
                          
    Status TextArea: This is an area to give the Agent updates on what is happening.
    
    Inventory: Images of your (hopefully) bought items will appear here.
    
    Items ListView: A list of the current available items in auction houses.
                    Selecting an item will allow you to then place a bid on it.
    

Feel free to do #3 and #4 in whatever order you'd like and as often as you'd like.
The program is designed to have as many Agent's and AHs as you want.

General Info:

Port Ranges
50000 Bank
50001 Auction Central
50100+ Auction House starts at 50100 and increments each time a new one signs on with AC.
50200-50900 Agents start at a port in this range and increment each time a new agent 
            signs on with the AC.


Using the Command Line - Updated 12/1/2017 (This was the last time it was tested, behavior unknown at this point)

1. First, you want to spin up a Bank and AuctionCentral.
    I prefer to put these both on the same command line using &

    Go into /out/production/PublicAuction (Or where ever your .class' are)
    
    Run:
    java Server Bank &
    java Server AC &

2. Now, if you want an AuctionHouse I recommend opening another shell
    
    Run:
    java Client AH AH1  (Note: AH1 designates a name, give it anything)

3. Now, if you want an Agent, I personally recommend using the GUI but
    you can use an agent on the shell also.
    
    Run:
    java Client Agent Agent1 (Note: Agent1 designates a name, give it anything)

    Keep in mind the Agent is very limited on the command line and was originally
    made strictly for debug'ing. This is still left in for "proof of concept".
    A proper Agent would be spun up from the Main GUI